feat: add brief index of services (#117)
opensafely-core/sysadmin: services/README.md

# Services

> 

Reviewer: It would be worth saying a sentence about what the Services directory is for (and perhaps also what it's not for). Is that clear at the moment? I suspect it might not be, otherwise it would be easier to determine whether the proxy should live hear or not?

Reviewer: Yes, I think that's a fine sentence and more importantly it reflects reality.

I wouldn't bother with the ticket, unless you're confident you'll come back to it. I suspect it will resolve itself in future as more changes are made.

Author: thanks, could you approve this PR then @lucyb & we can forget about this again for another year or three...?

> * [backends](https://github.com/opensafely-core/backends) - a public holding page for our private backends, to help maintain TLS certificates

Author: ```suggestion
* [backends](https://github.com/ebmdatalab/sysadmin/tree/main/infra/backends) - a public holding page for our private backends, to help maintain TLS certificates
```
